
+++
title = "The effects of markets, uncertainty and search intensity on bitcoin returns"

# Date first published.
date = "2019-05-01T19:37:01-04:00"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Theodore Panagiotidis", "Thanasis Stengos", "Orestis Vravosinos"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
#   'Uncategorized',  # 0
#    'Conference proceedings',  # 1
#    'Journal',  # 2
#    'Work in progress',  # 3
#    'Technical report',  # 4
#    'Book',  # 5
#    'Book chapter',  # 6
#    'Working paper', # 7
#    'Peer-reviewed' # 8
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*International Review of Financial Analysis*, 63: 220-242"
#publication_short = "In *ICA*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
#abstract = "The abstract. Markdown and math can be used (note that math may require escaping as detailed in the red alert box below)."
#abstract_short = "A short version of the abstract."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
#projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
 url_custom = [{name = "Link", url = "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.irfa.2018.11.002"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption 😄"

+++
